Hey creators, Conor here. Today we're updating our advertiser friendly guidelines for content with strong profanity in the first seven seconds. These uploads will now be eligible to earn full ad revenue. Two years ago we updated this policy and you gave us feedback about how we could do better. You told us we didn't do enough to explain the specifics. We published the changes in our help center, but didn't make a video to explain the changes in clear terms. You may have even made a couple popular reaction videos based on that very policy update and how we approached it. We continue to make efforts to be clearer in communications that meet you on the right surfaces. Let's get into it. So previously, uploads with strong profanity in the first seven seconds would not be eligible for full monetization and would have gotten the yellow dollar icon. You may be asking why were we restricting usage of profanity at the start of content at all? And why are you removing restrictions now? So some background. We introduced this guideline to align with broadcast standards. Advertisers expected ads on YouTube to have distance between profanity and the ad that just served. Those expectations have changed and advertisers already have the ability to target content to their desired level of profanity. But it was hearing your thoughts on our policies that ensured we could make this change a priority. And it's your feedback that helps us to identify where we should focus next. So keep it coming. So what do we mean by strong profanity? Moderate profanity is words like asshole or bitch. Strong profanity includes words like fuck. I don't think we need to use more examples, but you get the idea. While you can now use these words in the first seven seconds without impacting monetization status, it's important to note monetization will remain limited if you use moderate or strong profanity in titles or thumbnails. Additionally, you have to pick and choose your fox carefully. Using strong profanity with high frequency Think about a compilation video of the best swearing from a character in a show where it's used in most sentences in the upload. That high frequency usage remains a violation of the advertiser friendly content guidelines. Lastly, this is not a free license to use swear words in any context, and our community guidelines still apply to all content. We hope creators are excited about this update. My team and I will be reading through every comment you leave under this video, so let us know what you think of both this update, how we're communicating with you, and what you think of the guidelines. Overall, it's your feedback that matters. For more details, check the description where you can read the full profanity policy in our help center. Keep it real.